Hey, it's my Destin. So it's like this. If you watch this video, it has
Potential can change every day of your remaining life. however,
It may also come to mind when you are alone and semi-naked each day
I'm either sending this video to you. So I'll give you three seconds
Think about watching.
This is something that affects billions of people around the world,
But no one talks about it - at least not in a rational, respectful way.
In 1895 there was a "promotion of Christianity community" in London
AM Worthingtonn newspaper. It has something to do with "pop", so I read that newspaper
Having seen the work of a man named Weber, I have to think:
Is there any way to eliminate the known "Worthington Central Spray Column"? Or like I like to call ...
Toilet stool
Well, if you imagine in your own head now, if you want to throw a stone in the water,
What happens is that a hole opens, it is air, and those air are
No place to go, because there is a pressure break point, so it flapping back together.
If you take it apart and analyze it, the surface tension is the force per unit length.
Great goggles. Give science a praise.
A sample. how do you feel? I do not know
You will not, but my body has never made something like that. Well, I did
More samples, but see how strong your endurance Hello.
Endurance is what meaning? If you think so, then is the endurance of accuracy Hello.
I think we do not mind the accuracy, the pursuit of reality.
Hey, Dest, I have ah ... what happened? Do we have a large size here?
Are those beads?
Technically it is.
3 ... 2 ... 1 ... start to pull it ...
Pinch off 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
What can we do to eliminate this water?
The answer is to change the surface tension. You just
Take a toilet paper in the bathroom
Flat on the water. I like to use
Four to make it touch each side. It looks like it will stay in one place.
It completely captures all the bubbles ...
see it?
now it's right. Is it fun? Are you teaching adult "er"?
correct.
I hope you will not feel like us rude or not upbringing,
We really are not like that, we will not ... good.
It affects billions of people and nobody talks about it. Why nobody discuss it?
I do not know, but you have to go home and try it and you will ...
You're welcome Do not even try to pretend you will not try. What we need you to do is
If you've actually learned a little please subscribe.
And maybe better, pass it on to your friends to scare them.
Because I think this is really weird. me too. It's weird but it's awesome too.
If you can click on the cat to subscribe ...
Can you make that happen? can. awesome. Make that happen! Click cat!
Send this to your friend. Scare them so that they will think of you every time they are uh-huh ... He is Destin,
You are watching Smarter Every Day. That's it.
[Music by A Shell In the Pit]
[Chinese subtitles produced by YouTubeLearn] youtubelearn.com